[Music]
Hey, who would tell us who would
tell us that our discussion would be
more closely related to the other discussion, right?
That others would come out that would be further
away from us, right?  So, in the
end we were left with
Uncle Sur's chat,
right?  Look, look,
Uncle Sur's chat is getting really
boring lately, huh?  There is no
movement.  I don't know, I don't know, there's just no
topic, man.  Look, yesterday I had a hard time
preparing today's live show, eh, in
the part where we're
alone, because I say, damn, what the
[ __ ], I mean, things are really, really
quiet, right?  We're going to have to make
a mess of things, aren't we, Fran? There's no topic?  Well,
there are little themes, there are little themes.  What happens
is that the discussion,
eh, I don't know, since they're not, I think
they're a little scared, it's a little
like, wow, because like the thing about them being
called money launderers, they tell the other one
if he's from Dallas, the other one I don't know
how much.  So they're a little bit
calmer, they're calmer.  Let's see, the
son of a [ __ ] Nauter, right?  The son of a [ __ ] from
Nauter comes in, smokes a joint,
laughs his head off, has a drink and says what he
wants to say, right?  But I
see them all as more uncles, even they have
become stutterers.  Ah,
a friend from Tartaja already explained to me what was
happening to him with me, they gave me more or less
some explanations.
Look, I understand, but it's a little
late, I mean, I'm not going to make a video
like he asked me to.  I think he asked me for a
video apologizing.  Let's see,
basically what they
were explaining to me is that I put it
in the bag of the, okay?  Uh, I
mean in the bag that they didn't stand
up for me when Greev took me out even though
I was the one who won by votes,
okay?  But contrary to what
he apparently defended me, that is, he did
report the scam, right?  He's hitchhiking
me.  And apparently,
over time,
after that, I've been throwing him some
digs, some
of my slaps, right?  You know that
I'm often on live television
and you tell me the same thing, I don't know what,
Messi is a jerk and this one is an [ __ ] and I just ignore him
.  I mean, I don't even remember that I
said it because there are so many hours of live streaming
that I might have been saying it.  Of course,
he, apparently, according to what
a friend of his was explaining to me, is a person who
is not conflictive, that is,
when he messes with someone, he is not a [ __ ], he is not a
fight, he avoids
conflict, he avoids
conflict, he is uncomfortable in conflict, he does not handle
conflict well, so he avoids it and
keeps that inside.  Hey, what's
going on?  Well, let's see, it's true
that there is some criticism that I know I've made of him
that yes, of course, I spoke to him
privately, I said, "Okay, but what
is it that you want me to apologize for?
What is it that I told you?"  And he
couldn't tell me.  I say, "I see you want me to
go on live and tell you, but you ca
n't tell me what I told you."
Because the other one, he told me, "No, you didn't
mess with me, you insulted me here, you
insulted me there, you insulted me."  He stutters and
forgets everything, I tell you.  No, he doesn't
forget, he just can't find it.
He tells me about, let's see, I criticized
him for a video he deleted from CCU that I do
n't know what to protect Ari.
I am right about that criticism.  I don't think
he cares either, but well, what my
friend was explaining to me is that he has the
feeling that for the past two years I might have
told him that he was selling out to
Juan Guarniso, and another day I might have said
a little word to him and they were sending it to him
, and he didn't
want to fight with me or anything.
Um, but uh, well, it comes when he
feels more supported or when he feels
more or or or someone else turns him on or
whatever, well, he takes it and explodes.  And what's
going on?  That has it inside.  He
has it inside and whenever and wherever it
exploded, okay?  What are these direct ones
where he goes on two or three direct ones in the
discussion, insulting me, right?  The dog,
son of a [ __ ], mentally [ __ ], I
don't know, acted like that and I was like
that when I saw him say, "Boy, I
'm not telling you anything."  Of course, it's
disproportionate because it comes out of
time and apart from the fact that it's disproportionate, I
mean, I haven't had those expressions
against him.  So, look, I'm
taking advantage of the fact that we're talking about this
topic, Stuttering, if I've offended you at
any point, if I've disrespected you
, okay?  I ask you, I ask you for
forgiveness.  The thing is, we don't
know which specific moments I
disrespected you, okay?  And on the subject
of the well, man, I mean, if
I was unfair to you, I admit it, I didn't
know you had defended me and I
apologize.  I can't do anything else.
I don't think it's worth it that I
released a separate video today about Stuttering
because it's already out, do you understand?
And the statements he
made against me are disproportionate,
they're already out of control, you understand?
Things have to be said at the
moment.  Conflicts sometimes there are
conflicts that no one knows why or
why the conflicts exist.
No, but I'm not a person I
have a problem with, I'm a kid
who I used to watch in the past because he
made videos defending me and he used to
always agree with me and
defend me and such on his channel.  I did an
interview on his channel and everything.  It's true,
I think I screwed up too and all,
but anyway, if at any point you've
felt hurt or
attacked, man, I know I'm an idiot, and
sometimes I say
things live and then I don't
remember.  Ah, well I said to him, "Well,
what did I tell you? Are you so
mad at me?"  No, because I have the
feeling that even you don't know and I couldn't
place it.  So, well, well, it
stays a bit up in the air,
but well, I'll hold out, I'll hold out that
glove.  Well, well then.  Well, look, one
thing, one thing less.  Now,
whitewashing the discussion.  Whitening,
pure whitening.  Now there are the
anus whitenings and the whitening of the
talk show to the talk show host.
[Music]